All right.
So we're almost there almost done what we want to do now is the single page OK.
That's that's all we have left of this theme.
So if I click on one of these it takes us to the correct place but it doesn't look too good.
All right we want this to look like the single aged female page that we created.
So what we need to do is in our photogenic theme folder we're going to create a new file and we're going
to save it as single dot ph page.
All right.
And what we're going to do is go into index ph P and get a copy what we have there pasted in.
And we want to remove this part right here.
Get template part.
All right this is where we want to put our article that that we created in our single dot age html files
so let's open that up.
OK and what we want is everything that's in the article tag here.
So we're going to grab that whole thing copy it and then we'll go to single dot page.
We're going to paste it right in the while loop.
Ok so now we need to make these fields dynamic.
OK.
So let's start with the matter since that's at the top.
So let's replace 2 pm with PH P for the time.
And then this right here will place with the date.
And this is one of the best things about Wordpress is that the ease of including Pete's dynamic content
.
All right and then this right here actually that's grab that from content.
HP that's kind of long.
We're going to grab this hold this line right here
and just replace the name
so that makes the meta data dynamic and then down here we have just a static image we obviously want
to get rid of that.
Let's copy what we have in content gallery which is
what grab this whole thing right here.
If Post has post thumbnail which ends right here.
OK I will grab that and we're going to replace this image right here.
OK I'll paste that in.
And we're going to change it from opacity
to what was it right.
Think it's W3 enemy right.
And we can get rid of the hover thing here.
All right.
And this doesn't need to have a link.
So we're going to get rid of that in that.
OK.
So that looks good.
Now down here for the Back button we're going to change it from index HVM now instead of that we're
going to say HP What was it I think it's echo site underscore you RL That should work.
OK that will take us back.
And then we need a dynamic title so we can simply use the title.
And then for the content
we can do ph P to the content.
All right.
So let's take a look at that.
OK.
So that looks good.
That button works click on either any one of these and you can see it just slides right in.
Perfect.
All right.
So I think that does it for our theme.
It's very simple but I think it's pretty elegant.
And of course if you wanted to add widgets in the side bar you could do that if you want to create regular
posts you can also do that doesn't have to be photos.
So that's it.
All right.
Thanks for watching.
And I will see you in the next project